hey yes I my third time in manchester
now um yeah so a boy from North London
can come here and score a hat-trick even
if Arsenal qualms yeah proud of myself
ones currently here for the and release
up there why is your currently
representing with the drink also yeah
where I'm very real that vice versa yeah
this is the Kingston back on the EP um
it's produced by said Rockford he's a
twat snowing mercury prize-nominated
drummer he's drummed for like he's
actually the drummer on Adele's debut
album 19 he's a easy drum right with
that Tom Waits herbie hancock Corinne
Bailey Rae and yeah he's just amazing
guy drummer in a band called polar bear
as well and he's the one the founder
members of the babyshambles as well
according to Guinness some black horny
in peace because like it's I don't know
the beach that the the instrumentation
and the melody they wouldn't they
wouldn't be out of place on something
like fucking Sesame Street or some
things you don't mean and that's the
black currants sweetness and then uh but
then there's like you know the fucking
like the it's almost like what would
happen if you if you stuck like Sesame
Street sort of instrumentation over like
wu-tang drum patterns like RZA drama
back on if you use the magnets and then
obviously but a literature that the the
hardcore sort of them sort of sort of
hip hip hop drums coupled with like sort
of the underlying message in some of the
tunes that is the Guinness that is the
sort of bit in its gender Stan the
darkness right there so mmm-hmm plus
it's my favorite drink is also
break it up when things are we some free
to make the same compete replace of a
few drops and over
you know people have to talk man you can
see from this like interview was taking
about ten fucking years here right I
love talking man I love to communicate
and and obviously that that that
involves using language and I love using
language so was especially the English
language I suppose so yeah I'm not not
like sort of really really fluently I
got really good grades for a French in
secondary school and I studying Spanish
for a bit as well but not English is
definitely the is the main one and as I
can understand on my parents meet my
parents a Nigerian a table so I can
understand a few things that they say
but um yeah I you know it's a big fail
actually I'm not like fluent in earbud
man but should be I mean my making a bow
album one day light just learn it and it
take a little hiatus from English rap
and then just write an evil album
recently you've done the mac miller tour
yeah yeah good man um I enjoyed it on
the whole game de lo the new fans had a
few hecklers that her a shepherd's bush
actually man that was quite funny I had
this like running battle with some
Hercules in the first show um big up to
them man like you know like if that if
that's what you're good at then cool man
run with that in it like I know how
close were you get in to basically like
the guy that sings on this there's
myself and there's a guy called Ben
clemmer who's a good mate of mine right
and obviously something Mac Miller's
fans most of the majority of Matt male
fans are cool some of them is just quite
immature seany kids in it in you're not
young yeah exactly you're not you're not
cool if uh if you're not wearing like a
supreme snapback or a five-panel cap of
some sort and like the latest street
wear t-shirt has often been it's just
like an indie kid through and through
knees come on in like skinny jeans and a
leather jacket and they start frying
some stupid like homophobic abuse it him
right and I'll say this ben is a stretch
benish straight as an arrow the fact the
matter is I'm an open-minded guy I've
got
gay friends but address someone how
according to what they are in it you
can't say to the straightest man alive
you're gay when he's probably getting
more funny than your whole crew put
together each and I mean no disrespect
i'm not a shoulder this year i'm just
being very vulgar but like Jan I mean
this room usually because I used to live
in the before this an airplane and I
used to get racist names which were not
my race yeah yeah exactly if you're
gonna do it leads me on boy at least be
accurate it at least I've make accurate
insults in it it Ben was gay and they
were going yeah this and they were
saying some of the stuff that they were
sending which I won't repeat like
because it's not even like really worth
it it's like they it would be it would
be it wouldn't be acceptable but it
would be you could understand it if you
don't mean like it's just a thing
exactly exactly but yeah well in enough
of that you know like big up but like I
said pick up their hair colors do you I
was you know I was in fact I'm gonna
spend any more time so it's all about
him exactly yet and I did I did I learn
a lot in on that tour bo firm from you
know that one negative and the many many
many positives as well so yeah I'm
thankful about you know matt miller's
people for him asking me to support on
that and you know like I said I'm still
sort of reaping the benefits I've been
on that so hmm and beyond corny p what
else can we expect from you obviously
that more Shahs yeah definitely a lot
more shows the the official release of
the EPS on the twenty-fourth of October
that's the itunes release i have about a
thousand limited edition cds that i sell
are you can only get them at gigs
they're only available like you know
live shows then I've got another EP
coming up maybe in january it's called
the Morristown 3p this with alex morris
mirka cartel working with him at the
moment as he's like random in policy and
alex is amazing producer as well can't
wait for people to hear that EP mmm and
then sort of it would all be in the
run-up to like my album drop in a 2012
like blame miss Barkley comes in Tony to
of that's like my first album by
you